So we're going reporting seniors that are registered to give feedback
to you. You the junior boss, in this case, you're the junior all sir,
and you're carrying out daily mission. And you're getting crickets
from chain of command. Okay, well, one thing, uh, quick, it's He's
usually a sign of your You're okay? Because people will lay down like
a ton of bricks on personnel and team members that are not performing.
So in this case, you know, you're hearing nothing. Well, is that
bad or good? First off, you might want to sit down. You're going to
have formal get togethers either at quarters a, a daily sit down with
the XO. Planning for for training to be a t. You know, they'll be
official times meetings you could just or lunch. You know, one of
the meals. You can have a cup of coffee. Say so. I just wanna make sure
we're okay. You know this direction? I'm going in. I have heard
nothing back, so I'm gonna continue on course and speed told directs
otherwise, and I don't believe heading into the rocks. That's always
one way to do it. It's not necessarily a bad sign if you're not getting
feedback, it's just in this day and age. Frankly, everyone's busy.
So you're not broke. I'm not gonna fix you. And therefore, I'm
not created Feedback, Uh, for the most part, especially that broke.
So I don't have to fix you things that have broke before fixing in a
bar, feet back. That's always the gays. But I'm saying you can operate
that, but you might want to check.